profile/README.md, before:

# H ɪɪ Turbulence

Umbrella organization for projects related to:

1. (Magneto)hydrodynamical Turbulence in H ɪɪ regions
2. Dynamics and kinematics of H ɪɪ regions more generally
3. (Aspirationally) dynamics and kinematics of neutral/molecular gas around H ɪɪ regions

## [Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/hii-turbulence/discussions)

## Projects

- [turb-t2-paper](https://github.com/will-henney/turb-t2-paper) Pair of papers in preparation on the contribution of internal turbulence to temperature fluctuations in H ɪɪ regions
- [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) Programs and data for Javier's PhD thesis
- [mariano-velocity-statistics](https://github.com/will-henney/mariano-velocity-statistics) Lots of historical material from 2019 to 2022, including early notes on material that ended up in Javier's thesis
- [orion-muse](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-muse) Lots of empirical analysis based on the Weilbacher+ (2015) data, but be warned that many of the data files are excluded from the github repo because they are just too big. Instead they can be found from my Will's Dropbox folder here:
    - [LineMaps](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/0mtt55yg4v7l2e3d5yyor/AKMpAM-51FO-DrXZHr2P0sw?rlkey=dcugf6pynof8vn0fdnbemagni&dl=0)
	- [BigFiles](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/hliiglgt8j0gsxny8kb02/AEEM0nUsVLn5LPYxDpwcEKg?rlkey=2u4s1oh9hpbdse2woo5gcecw6&dl=0)
- [orion-widths](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-widths) A moribund project from 2016–2018 that tries to determine kinetic temperatures from differences in line widths of light and heavy ions. It may be worth resurrecting 
- [depattern-maps](https://github.com/will-henney/depattern-maps) Remove the tartan pattern from the MUSE velocity and width maps
- [orion_muse](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_muse): [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) methodology applied to some lines in [orion-muse](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-muse)
- [orion_comprehensive_strucfunc](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_comprehensive_strucfunc): Strucutre functions [orion_muse](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_muse) results + [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) results / state-art (KPNO echelle, previous data) for Orion Nebula (M 42)

Commit message:

Update README with new project links
Added new projects and analysis repositories to the README.

profile/README.md, after:

# H ɪɪ Turbulence

Umbrella organization for projects related to:

1. (Magneto)hydrodynamical Turbulence in H ɪɪ regions
2. Dynamics and kinematics of H ɪɪ regions more generally
3. (Aspirationally) dynamics and kinematics of neutral/molecular gas around H ɪɪ regions

## [Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/hii-turbulence/discussions)

## Projects

- Second Javier structure function paper
- Density structure in H II regiions
  - [Analysis repo](https://github.com/will-henney/hii-density-distribution)
- Draft paper on 3D geometry of Orion Bar
  - [Analysis repo](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-bar-analysis.git)
  - [Paper repo](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-bar-geometry-paper) and [overleaf](https://www.overleaf.com/read/zmfqjgmnmtsw#05d046)	
- [turb-t2-paper](https://github.com/will-henney/turb-t2-paper) Pair of papers in preparation on the contribution of internal turbulence to temperature fluctuations in H ɪɪ regions
- [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) Programs and data for Javier's PhD thesis
- [mariano-velocity-statistics](https://github.com/will-henney/mariano-velocity-statistics) Lots of historical material from 2019 to 2022, including early notes on material that ended up in Javier's thesis
- [orion-muse](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-muse) Lots of empirical analysis based on the Weilbacher+ (2015) data, but be warned that many of the data files are excluded from the github repo because they are just too big. Instead they can be found from my Will's Dropbox folder here:
    - [LineMaps](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/0mtt55yg4v7l2e3d5yyor/AKMpAM-51FO-DrXZHr2P0sw?rlkey=dcugf6pynof8vn0fdnbemagni&dl=0)
	- [BigFiles](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/hliiglgt8j0gsxny8kb02/AEEM0nUsVLn5LPYxDpwcEKg?rlkey=2u4s1oh9hpbdse2woo5gcecw6&dl=0)
- [orion-widths](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-widths) A moribund project from 2016–2018 that tries to determine kinetic temperatures from differences in line widths of light and heavy ions. It may be worth resurrecting 
- [depattern-maps](https://github.com/will-henney/depattern-maps) Remove the tartan pattern from the MUSE velocity and width maps
- [orion_muse](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_muse): [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) methodology applied to some lines in [orion-muse](https://github.com/will-henney/orion-muse)
- [orion_comprehensive_strucfunc](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_comprehensive_strucfunc): Strucutre functions [orion_muse](https://github.com/JavGVastro/orion_muse) results + [PhD.Paper](https://github.com/JavGVastro/PhD.Paper) results / state-art (KPNO echelle, previous data) for Orion Nebula (M 42)
